lasiciliaweb: sud
ansa-Europa: un
euractiv-it: un
picenooggi: nord
gazzettadireggio: nord
ilfattoalimentare: un
lacittadisalerno: sud
redattoresociale: un
ilpiccolo: un
ilrestodelcarlino: un
pugliapress: sud
lavocedelnordest: nord
ilcrotonese: sud
gazzetta: un
pnquotidiano: un
pisatoday: nord
analisidifesa: un
ilgiorno: un
milanofinanza: nord
ilgiornaledisalerno: sud
finanza-lastampa: un
prnewswire: un
firenzetoday: nord
corrieredelveneto: nord
fanoinforma: nord
primapress: un
milanofree: nord
parmadaily: nord
radioluna: un
agenpar: un
verbanianotizie: nord
ilsecoloxix: un
ottopagine: un
cdt: nord
cilentonotizie: sud
veronasera: nord
gofasano: sud
investireoggi: un
spoletonline: nord
blogsicilia: sud
latina24ore: sud
reteambiente: un
gazzettadellaspezia: nord
iltirreno: nord
brevanews: un
tribunatreviso: nord
tvsvizzera: nord
zerosettenews: un
forlitoday: nord
cronacaqui:un
avvenire: un
arezzoweb: nord
anconatoday: nord
baritoday: sud
vivienna: sud
uscatanzaro: sud
cagliaripad: sud
ecodisicilia: sud
metronews: un
espressorepubblica-MicroMega: un
ilcentro: un
aboutpharma: un
t-mag: un
cronachemaceratesi: nord
sardiniapost: sud
regione-campania: sud
momentosera: un
ilgiornaledeimarinai: un
askanews: un
ecodibergamo: nord
nextquotidiano: un
loccidentale: un
controradio: un
protezionecivile: un
quicomo: nord
valsassinanews: un
insalutenews: un
greenplanner: un
ligurianotizie: nord
settegiorni: un
tarantobuonasera: sud
sassuolo2000: nord
resegoneonline: nord
esteri: un
sassarinotizie: sud
roars: un
italiaoggi: un
lasentinella: un
pisanews: nord
laprovinciapavese: un
ennanotizie: sud
romatoday: sud
loschermo: un
cassanolive: un
parmaonline: nord
perugiatoday: nord
agrigentonotizie: sud
laprovinciadilecco: nord
espressorepubblica: un
2anews: un
salernonotizie: sud
trevisotoday: nord
ilfattonisseno: un
latinatoday: sud
stranieriinitalia: un
newtuscia: un
eunews: un
gazzettadiparma: un
lagazzettadilucca: un
ivg: un
secoloditalia: un
castedduonline: sud
tuttoggi: un
corriere: un
lasicilia: sud
tgcom: un
laprovinciadisondrio: nord
politicheagricole: un
opinione: un
restoalsud: sud
ilmattino: un
sienafree: un
leggo: un
messaggeroveneto: nord
vita: un
panorama: un
carabinieri: un
EuroPA: un
rai-televideo: un
ladige: nord
ilnordestquotidiano: nord
grandangoloagrigento: sud
cittanuova:un
euronews-it: un
primonumero: un
etribuna: un
lombardiapress: nord
chietitoday: un
lanuovaecologia: un
filcams: un
ilmeteo: un
ship2shore: un
ictbusiness: un
meridionews; sud
gazzettadimodena: un
giornalelora: un
trasporti-italia: un
panoramasanita: un
tempostretto: un
abruzzoindependent: sud
lagazzettadelmezzogiorno-en: sud
ilSole24ore: un
palermomania: sud
cir-onlus: un
monzatoday: nord
seguonews: un
famigliacristiana: un
freenewsonline: un
cronacaflegrea: un
ilmanifesto: un
quotidiano: un
torinotoday: nord
trapaniok: un
italiannetwork: un
ilmessaggero: un
msn-it: un
247libero: un
latinaquotidiano: sud
ilfattoquotidiano: un
asianews: un
lavoce-nuova: un
corrieredelgiorno: un
aostasera: nord
055firenze: un
qds: un
rivieraoggi: un
ilgiornaledelmolise: sud
ravennanotizie: nord
leccotoday: nord
ogginotizie: un
reggio2000: un
giornaledivimercate: un
linkiesta: un
messaggeromarittimo: un
genovatoday: nord
modenatoday: un
casaeclima: un
valtellinanews: un
e-gazette: un
umbriaindiretta: un
teleborsa: un
qualenergia: un
ecodallecitta: un
fanpage: un
greenstyle: un
napolitoday: sud
milanotoday: nord
ilroma: : sud
salernotoday: sud
leccesette: sud
iltamtam: un
lastampa: un
regione-piemonte: nord
girodivite: un
libero-news: un
trasportoeuropa: un
diritto24: un
lagazzettadelmezzogiorno: sud
brindisireport: sud
key4biz: un
unimondo: un
ladigetto: un
industriaitaliana: un
eeas: un
varesenews: un
ascolinotizie: un
businessonline: un
civonline: un
luccaindiretta: un
repubblica: un
ilgiornaledellarchitettura: un
triesteprima: nord
buongiornoslovacchia: un
targatocn: un
lanuovasardegna: sud
Quotidianodibari: sud
mister-x: un
ilsussidiario: un
quotidianodigela: un
teatronaturale: un
ilquotidianoitaliano: un
lecconotizie: un
ilmattinodifoggia: sud
la7: un
lamartesana: un
IlGiornaleDiCalabria: sud
fermonotizie: un
agenzianova: un
irpiniaoggi: un
flcgil: un
quotidianomolise: sud
bergamonews
reggionline
huffingtonpost-Italia
giornaledisondrio
sicilia24h
blastingnews
openmigration
ferrara24ore
infooggi: nord
giornaledibrescia: nord
nove-firenze: un
ansa: un
ilfaroonline: un
statoquotidiano: un
ilpiacenza: un
umbria24: un
mondoitaliano: un
nuovavenezia: un
agoravox: un
europa-today: un
rainews: un
hookii: un
formiche: un
corrierediragusa: sud
GazzettaDelSud: sud
ecodelchisone: un
giornalettismo: un
foggiatoday: un
giornaledimerate: un
meridiananotizie: un
avanti: un
poliziadistato: un
ballabionews: un
blitzquotidiano: un
finanza: un
ilcorrieredelverbano: un
firstonline: un
ilmiogiornale: un
si24: un
napoli: sud
gds-it: un
lecconews: un
UnioneSarda: sud
innovationpost: un
siracusapost: sud
parmatoday: un
nuovacosenza: un
picusonline: un
pesarourbinonotizie: un
corrierefiorentino: un
positanonews: sud
gravinalife: un
ildispaccio: un
onuitalia: un
greenreport: un
giornaledicantu: sud
normanno: un
nuovaperiferia: un
laprovinciacr: un
internazionale: un
nanopress: un
MSF-it: un
brescia-corriere: nord
italiachiamaitalia: un
ilcittadinodimessina: sud
messinaora: sud
ilpescara: un
meteoweb: un
citynews: un
alternativasostenibile: un
ravennatoday: un
trentotoday: nord
radio24-ilsole24ore: un
ediliziainrete: un
giornaledabruzzo: sud
metropolisweb: un
cittadiniditwitter: un
lanuovaferrara: un
antimafiaduemila: un
riviera24: un
settimanalelancora: un
riminitoday: un
corriereditaranto: sud
cesenatoday: un
finanzaonline: un
liberta: un
ilmartino: un
olbianotizie: sud
agrigentooggi: sud
veneziatoday: nord
secondowelfare: un
motherboard: un
insic: un
regione-sardegna: sud
IlGazzettino: un
agendadigitale: un
cataniatoday: sud
rinnovabili: un
bresciatoday: nord
gonews: un
quotidianodipuglia: sud
milanosud: un
wallstreetitalia: un
news-yahoo-it: un
corriereadriatico: un
mattinopadova: nord
strill: un
corrierenazionale: un
milanopost: nord
ilcittadinomb: un
ilcittadinoonline: un
tg24-sky: un
gazzettadimantova: un
istat: un
vicenzatoday: nord
okmugello: un
ilsalvagente: un
adnkronos: un
caserta24ore: sud
castellinews: un
olbia24: sud
lescienze: un
ilmeridio: un
quotidianosanita: un
LaNazione: un
quotidianosicurezza: un
fai.informazione: un
online-news: un
strettoweb: sud
startmag: un
europarl: un
agenpress: un
agrapress: un
nuovabrianza: un
agcult: un
corriereromagna: un
datamanager: un
assostampasicilia: sud
magaze: un
oggitreviso: nord
quifinanza: un
radiopopolare: un
correttainformazione: un
terninrete: un
sicurauto: un
cn24tv: un
helpconsumatori: un
green: un
giornaledimonza: un
cnr: un
massacritica: un
ilquotidiano: un
ilgiornale: un
vanityfair: un
cinquequotidiano: un
lecceprima: sud
agi: un
lavocedinewyork: un
bolognatoday: un
giornaledicomo: nord
corrierecomunicazioni: un
quotidianodelsud: sud
giornaledilecco: un
nacionalcordoba: un
fasi: un
agipronews: un
padovaoggi: nord
ilpost: un
aostaoggi: nord
italpress: un
corrieredelmezzogiorno: sud
tio: un
affaritaliani: un
udinetoday: un
diariodelweb: un
novaratoday: un
piunotizie: un
palermotoday: sud
corriereirpinia: un
regione-emilia-romagna: un
casaemutui: un
corrierealpi: un
greenme: un
annoeuropeocittadini: un
buonenotizie: un
tgvaldarno: un
genova24: un
ilgiunco: un
expartibus: un
laprovinciadicomo: un