finanza-lastampa: un
messinaora: un
buongiornoslovacchia: un
ilgiornaledelmolise: un
Quotidianodibari: un
civonline: un
picusonline: un
affaritaliani: un
gazzettadimantova: un
libero-news: 2
etribuna: un
parmadaily: un
gonews: un
fanpage: 1
startmag: un
espressorepubblica: 0
onuitalia: un
agipronews: un
gazzettadiparma: un
liberta: 0
girodivite: un
iltirreno: un
expartibus: un
ilSole24ore: 1
giornaledicantu: un
UnioneSarda: un
msn-it: un
spoletonline: un
greenreport: un
citynews: un
napoli: un
verbanianotizie: un
avanti: 0
cesenatoday: un
nanopress: un
agrigentooggi: un
trentotoday: un
laprovinciadilecco: un
cnr: un
rainews: un
regione-emilia-romagna: un
palermotoday: un
rai-televideo: un
ravennatoday: un
cinquequotidiano: un
ilmartino: un
greenplanner: un
leccotoday: un
quifinanza: un
correttainformazione: un
milanotoday: un
secoloditalia: 2
ilsalvagente: un
loschermo: un
lastampa: 0
cagliaripad: un
firenzetoday: un
umbria24: un
qualenergia: un
businessonline: un
cir-onlus: un
fai.informazione: un
sienafree: un
stranieriinitalia: un
normanno: un
trasportoeuropa: un
industriaitaliana: un
leccesette: un
lavocedinewyork: un
euronews-it: un
corrieredelgiorno: un
pisanews: un
laprovinciadicomo: un
napolitoday: un
tgcom: un
meridionews: un
filcams: un
torinotoday: un
milanopost: un
buonenotizie: un
quotidianosanita: un
giornaledisondrio: un
investireoggi: un
settimanalelancora: un
corriere: 0
anconatoday: un
ildispaccio: un
unimondo: un
agenparl: un
gofasano: un
blitzquotidiano: 1
lamartesana: un
milanofree: un
trevisotoday: un
flcgil: 0
sardiniapost: un
gazzettadellaspezia: un
ilpiacenza: un
secondowelfare: un
umbriaindiretta: un
protezionecivile: un
modenatoday: un
tribunatreviso: un
gazzettadimodena: un
innovationpost: un
ilcittadinoonline: un
pnquotidiano: un
lavoce-nuova: un
247libero: 2
teatronaturale: un
rinnovabili: un
seguonews: un
ilmeteo: un
metronews: un
nuovabrianza: un
IlGiornaleDiCalabria: un
sicurauto: un
ilcorrieredelverbano: un
greenme: un
IlGazzettino: 1
italiannetwork: un
asianews: un
finanzaonline: un
corrierenazionale: un
aostasera: un
diariodelweb: un
adnkronos: un
cronacaflegrea: un
gazzetta: un
corrieredelveneto: un
panorama: 2
ballabionews: un
ilgiunco: un
latina24ore: un
ilcrotonese: un
udinetoday: un
italpress: un
genovatoday: un
tio: un
ilpost: un
insalutenews: un
nuovavenezia: un
esteri: un
genova24: un
ilsecoloxix: un
europa-today: un
key4biz: un
quotidianodipuglia: un
ilfattonisseno: un
ligurianotizie: un
firstonline: un
milanofinanza: un
si24: un
giornalettismo: un
tuttoggi: un
targatocn: un
tvsvizzera: un
olbianotizie: un
bresciatoday: un
redattoresociale: 0
aboutpharma: un
qds: un
ogginotizie: un
wallstreetitalia: un
freenewsonline: un
lasentinella: un
nextquotidiano: 0
ictbusiness: un
helpconsumatori: un
varesenews: un
cronacaqui: un
hookii: un
ilfattoalimentare: un
ilpiccolo: un
regione-campania: un
quotidianodigela: un
aostaoggi: un
sicilia24h: un
latinatoday: un
la7: 0
vanityfair: un
giornaledivimercate: un
parmatoday: un
famigliacristiana: 1
news-yahoo-it: un
luccaindiretta: un
laprovinciapavese: un
giornaledicomo: un
teleborsa: un
laprovinciadisondrio: un
lecconotizie: un
t-mag: un
politicheagricole: un
cassanolive: un
EuroPA: un
corriereromagna: un
sassarinotizie: un
meteoweb: un
ladigetto: un
ecodallecitta: un
siracusapost: un
grandangoloagrigento: un
bergamonews: un
europarl: un
ansa: un
giornaledibrescia: un
olbia24: un
roars: un
milanosud: un
mondoitaliano: un
pisatoday: un
regione-piemonte: un
lanuovaecologia: un
quotidianosicurezza: un
ilgiorno: un
ilmessaggero: 0
lanuovasardegna: un
ilfattoquotidiano: un
sassuolo2000: un
ecodisicilia: un
ilmiogiornale: 2
radiopopolare: 0
panoramasanita: un
fasi: un
insic: un
eeas: un
gazzettadireggio: un
agi: un
lecceprima: un
MSF-it: un
lavocedelnordest: un
prnewswire: un
brevanews: un
valsassinanews: un
huffingtonpost-Italia: un
ferrara24ore: un
ilrestodelcarlino: 0
settegiorni: un
lanuovaferrara: un
antimafiaduemila: un
opinione: un
ilroma: un
zerosettenews: un
casaemutui: un
primapress: un
ilquotidiano: un
datamanager: un
openmigration: un
ecodibergamo: un
ilmattino: 0
cittanuova: un
strill: un
italiaoggi: 1
mister-x: un
espressorepubblica-MicroMega: un
ilcentro: 1
corrierecomunicazioni: un
internazionale: un
castedduonline: un
messaggeromarittimo: un
finanza: un
caserta24ore: un
askanews: un
leggo: un
giornalelora: un
nuovacosenza: un
perugiatoday: un
resegoneonline: un
trasporti-italia: un
vivienna: un
LaNazione: 2
fermonotizie: un
strettoweb: un
GazzettaDelSud: un
latinaquotidiano: un
quotidianodelsud: un
greenstyle: un
nacionalcordoba: un
reggionline: un
nuovaperiferia: un
alternativasostenibile: un
ilsussidiario: 2
giornaledimerate: un
positanonews: un
gds-it: un
tg24-sky: 1
avvenire: 2
ilcittadinodimessina: un
forlitoday: un
vicenzatoday: un
ladige: un
uscatanzaro: un
padovaoggi: un
ilgiornaledisalerno: un
radioluna: un
nove-firenze: un
carabinieri: un
corrierealpi: un
salernotoday: un
ivg: un
rivieraoggi: un
monzatoday: un
restoalsud: un
metropolisweb: un
ship2shore: un
ilmanifesto: 0
repubblica: 0
eunews: un
loccidentale: 2
riviera24: un
e-gazette: un
ottopagine: un
terninrete: un
momentosera: un
ilgiornaledeimarinai: un
okmugello: un
lecconews: un
corrierefiorentino: un
green: un
ilquotidianoitaliano: un
pugliapress: un
controradio: un
fanoinforma: un
quotidianomolise: un
ascolinotizie: un
trapaniok: un
agenpress: un
assostampasicilia: un
veneziatoday: un
ilgiornale: 2
gravinalife: un
mattinopadova: 0
ediliziainrete: un
lasicilia: un
lagazzettadilucca: un
chietitoday: un
foggiatoday: un
reteambiente: un
formiche: un
agrigentonotizie: un
regione-sardegna: un
statoquotidiano: un
agcult: un
giornaledimonza: un
cdt: un
reggio2000: un
linkiesta: 1
poliziadistato: un
messaggeroveneto: un
novaratoday: un
corrieredelmezzogiorno: un
irpiniaoggi: un
ilmeridio: un
annoeuropeocittadini: un
magaze: un
infooggi: un
lagazzettadelmezzogiorno: un
blogsicilia: un
ecodelchisone: un
castellinews: un
vita: un
salernonotizie: un
ravennanotizie: un
agoravox: un
quotidiano: un
brindisireport: un
iltamtam: un
agenzianova: un
corriereadriatico: un
online-news: un
2anews: un
cittadiniditwitter: un
triesteprima: un
pesarourbinonotizie: un
newtuscia: un
arezzoweb: un
lacittadisalerno: un
agrapress: un
bolognatoday: un
corrierediragusa: un
055firenze: un
valtellinanews: un
tgvaldarno: un
lasiciliaweb: un
italiachiamaitalia: un
ilmattinodifoggia: un
meridiananotizie: un
blastingnews: un
parmaonline: un
abruzzoindependent: un
cilentonotizie: un
quicomo: un
ilfaroonline: un
lagazzettadelmezzogiorno-en: un
palermomania: un
tarantobuonasera: un
casaeclima: un
riminitoday: un
tempostretto: un
corriereditaranto: un
ansa-Europa: 1
lescienze: un
giornaledabruzzo: un
corriereirpinia: un
diritto24: un
euractiv-it: un
brescia-corriere: un
radio24-ilsole24ore: 1
piunotizie: un
ennanotizie: un
laprovinciacr: un
cn24tv: un
primonumero: un
picenooggi: un
analisidifesa: un
oggitreviso: un
istat: un
ilnordestquotidiano: un
ilcittadinomb: un
cataniatoday: un
massacritica: un
veronasera: un
cronachemaceratesi: un
lombardiapress: un
giornaledilecco: un
ilpescara: un
romatoday: un
ilgiornaledellarchitettura: un
agendadigitale: un
baritoday: un
motherboard: un
